feat(enums): adds support for events enums (#902)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/895.feature.rst

> Adds events enumerations to use in :meth:`Client.wait_for`, :meth:`disnake.ext.commands.Bot.wait_for` and in :func:`disnake.ext.commands.Bot.listen` decorator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds :class:`Event` enumeration to use in :meth:`Client.wait_for`, :meth:`disnake.ext.commands.Bot.wait_for` and in :func:`disnake.ext.commands.Bot.listen` decorator.
```
